Service Status
Purpose - Display a quick overview of all a companies services (DB, Website, Internet Access, etc)
with an iconic view of their current status (ie - a traffic light, green means no problems, 
yellow means minor issues, red means down/unavailable).


Important Notes
1. Only Authorized Users can add new status "memos"
2. The authoring users may be different from service to service. (will they really differ?)
3. Services should be added / removed at will
4. Need a weighting system to order services
5. Possiblities to tie to helpdesk applications
6. Should be simple for author to add new memos
7. Long term - add SOAP service for www.epconline.com, www.epcusa.com
8. Service Categories?
9. Should some services / memos be private (reserved for admins / authors)

Needed Pieces
1. Blocks
	a. Quick Overview - display service name and small icon for status
	b. Admin functions - makes posting new memos, managing security, and changing status simple
		(no need to head to admin panel for updating, no need for module admin access for these 
		features)
	c. any more?
2. Pages
	a. Service List Page - Similar to the "Quick Overview" block, displays each service, 
		maybe the last service note, and the current status icon
	b. Add Service Page - Used by module admins to create new services, add authors
	c. Edit Service Page - Used by module / service admins to modify a service
	d. Solo Service Page - Displays an individual service, a large icon representing the status,
		and a paged list of current / past memos
	e. Post Memo Page - Displays a form to fill out the memo text, and pick the current service status
3. Admin Needs:
	a. Add / Edit Remove Services
	b. Manage Service Post Rights (is this really necessary)
	
Notification Events
1. Notify me when a new service is added (admin only)
2. Notify me when a service is modified (admin only)
3. Notify me when a service is removed (admin only)
4. Notify me when a new memo is posted (to any service)
5. Notify me when a service status changes (for any service)
6. Notify me when a memo is added to this service (individual service)
7. Notify me when the service status changes (individual service)

$Id: Purpose,v 1.1 2004/06/01 15:44:46 ackbarr Exp $